Bosses
The starting price of this century-old wild ginseng 500,000
Each bid is not less than 100,000
Start bidding now
It's my fifth time now.
Urgent need for approval
The last six 700,000
800,000 5 million
5 million
Damn 5 million buy a ginseng
This little white face flower
Miss Ye's money is really not distressed
Shameless
The soft rice is eaten so neatly
I'm not afraid to choke you to death
Why did you have to pay a high price in the first place?
Everyone keeps the funds to buy the highest price behind it.
I pay a high price now, and basically no one competes with me.
I didn't expect you to know a lot about business?
5 million time
5 million twice
5 million three times
Done. Congratulations to this gentleman on getting this single item.
This next item is bronze nectar.
Although a single furnace has passed for more than 300 years
But there is still a faint medicinal fragrance
The starting price for this single item 1 million
Minimum price increase 200,000
Auction now
1 million start
Looks like I can pick up enough today
Okay, 10 million for a broken stove
This little white face is crazy
This grandson
He actually took Miss Ye's money to pretend to be an uncle here
Is Miss Ye suffering from evil?
Hurry up and slap his family
10 million times
10 million 2 times 10,003,000
20 million at a time 30 million